{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1344\cocoasubrtf720
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Carlos Rada 03/03/15 \

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Scalable Data Infrastructures\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Activity: Problem Solving & Critical Thinking\
1) The problem in the A Cat, a Parrot, and a bag of seed is the man has to get the items to the other side of the riverbank without leaving the wrong ones alone. An insight I can offer is that you know the cat won\'92t eat the seeds. The overall goal is to get all the items to the other side of the riverbank without having to lose one of them. \
2) The constraints are that the boat can only hold the man and one other item at a time, he can\'92t leave the parrot and the cat alone and he cannot leave the parrot and the bag of seeds alone. One of the sub-goals is that he can\'92t leave the parrot alone with another item because he will end up losing an item.\
3)  To make sure to take the parrot with him every time the potential of leaving the parrot alone rises.\
4) Yes the solution will work also will work with all cases.\
5) First the man will take the parrot to the other side of the riverbank, then return alone and pick up the cat and take it to the other side of the riverbank as well. After this he will take the parrot back with him and pick up the bag of seeds to take the other side while leaving the parrot behind. Finally he will return for the parrot.\
1)  The problems are how many socks do I need to select to ensure at least one pair and how many socks do I need to select to ensure a pair in each color. One insight is that a pair accounts for two socks. To make at least one pair and opener of each color.\
2)  The constraint are that you can\'92t see the the color of the socks. The sub-goal is to figure out the probability of drawing a pair and the probability of drawing a pair of each color.\
3) A possible solution is to pretend to draw socks and think of the least likely solution to get to obtaining your pair.\
4) Yes and yes the solution will work for all the cases.\
5) Put the numbers 10=black, 6=brown, and 4=white now to find one pair do the least probable way to obtain it and you will have your answer. Example: you grab one back sock then one white then one brown the 
\b fourth(4)
\b0  sock has to make a pair. For the second question you do same lets say you draw 10 black socks in a row you still have only one colored pair so then you draw 6 brown socks. You already drew 16 socks and still only have two colored paired.  Eventually you draw two more white and there now you have 3  colored paired socks. It took you 
\b 18
\b0  tries.\
1) Figure out on what finger the numbers fall in. The constant is a multiple of 8 times x minus either                (1, 2, 3, 4, 5,)\
2) The constraint are that numbers 1=thumb, 3=middle, 5=little will always be odd and 2=first, 4=ring will always be even. Sub-goal 100 and 1000 will always fall on \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 2=first, 4=ring.\
3)                                                                                   									A) 10=8x-2 or 10=8x-4												B) 100=8x-2 or 100=8x-4												C) 1000=8x-2 or 1000=8x-4												The answer will be either the equation with 2 or 4 if x equals an even number not a decimal.\
4)Yes the equation works for every single number 1 - infinite lets say i picked number 1357 my equations would be 1357=8x-either (1,2,3,4,5) solve the equation when you get an answer with no decimal that number in accordance to your finger is your answer
\b \{little finger(5)\}\

\b0 5) A. first finger(2) B. ring finger(4) C. first finger(2)\
1000 = 8x -
\b 4
\b0 	(ring finger)													1000 - 4 = 8x														96 = 8x														12 = x			\

\b\fs48 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
}